fix: Properly encode `__proto__` in jsval() (#65)
ExodusMovement/schemasafe: doc/Secure-code-generation.md

`format()` function handles that.

### `__proto__` properties should be post-processed after `JSON.stringify`

Even with the `\u2028` and `\u2029` difference resolved in newer ECMA Script specification versions
and by post-processing, there is one more parsing difference between JSON and JS contexts which has
to be accounted for before including JSON-stringified variables into JS context.

> `{"__proto__": ...` parses differently due JS having special-handling for it which JSON ingores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{"__proto__": ...` parses differently due to JS having special-handling for it which JSON ignores:
```
